com/nadi/nadimovies/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/DesignHomeViewpagerBindingImpl.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.DesignHomeViewpagerBindingImpl
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/DesignMoviesBindingImpl.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.DesignMoviesBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_details_DetailsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_details_DetailsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/details/DetailsViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsViewModel_HiltModule
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/nadi/nadimovies/MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/nadi/nadimovies/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.nadi.nadimovies.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/details/DetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/FragmentDetailsBindingImpl.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.FragmentDetailsBindingImpl
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/FragmentTrailerBindingImpl.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.FragmentTrailerBindingImpl
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/DesignSimilarBinding.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.DesignSimilarBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_trailer_TrailerViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_trailer_TrailerViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/home/HomeViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.home.HomeViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/home/HomeFragmentDirections.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$1
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.home.HomeFragmentDirections$ActionHomeFragmentToDetailsFragment
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/home/HomeViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.home.HomeViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/nadi/nadimovies/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/details/DetailsFragmentDirections.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsFragmentDirections
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsFragmentDirections$1
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsFragmentDirections$ActionDetailsFragmentSelf
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsFragmentDirections$ActionDetailsFragmentToTrailerFragment
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/details/DetailsFragmentArgs.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsFragmentArgs
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsFragmentArgs$1
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsFragmentArgs$Builder
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/DesignSimilarBindingImpl.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.DesignSimilarBindingImpl
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/details/DetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/home/HomeViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.home.HomeViewModel_HiltModule
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/trailer/Hilt_TrailerFragment.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.trailer.Hilt_TrailerFragment
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/trailer/TrailerFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.trailer.TrailerFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_home_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_home_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/nadi/nadimovies/Hilt_MainApplication.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.Hilt_MainApplication
 com.nadi.nadimovies.Hilt_MainApplication$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_home_HomeViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_home_HomeViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/DesignMoviesBinding.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.DesignMoviesBinding
com/nadi/nadimovies/BR.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.BR
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/trailer/TrailerViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.trailer.TrailerViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/DesignHomeViewpagerBinding.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.DesignHomeViewpagerBinding
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/FragmentTrailerBinding.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.FragmentTrailerBinding
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/trailer/TrailerViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.trailer.TrailerViewModel_HiltModule
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_nadi_nadimovies_MainApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_nadi_nadimovies_MainApplication_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/trailer/TrailerFragmentArgs.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.trailer.TrailerFragmentArgs
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.trailer.TrailerFragmentArgs$1
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.trailer.TrailerFragmentArgs$Builder
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_trailer_TrailerFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_trailer_TrailerFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/FragmentDetailsBinding.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.FragmentDetailsBinding
com/nadi/nadimovies/BuildConfig.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.BuildConfig
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_details_DetailsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_details_DetailsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/nadi/nadimovies/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/trailer/TrailerViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.trailer.TrailerViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_nadi_nadimovies_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/details/DetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.DetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/details/Hilt_DetailsFragment.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.details.Hilt_DetailsFragment
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/home/Hilt_HomeFragment.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.home.Hilt_HomeFragment
com/nadi/nadimovies/DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ViewModelCImpl
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
com/nadi/nadimovies/MainApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.nadi.nadimovies.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/nadi/nadimovies/ui/home/HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.nadi.nadimovies.ui.home.HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
